CLOUD-2948: Update PIM consumer documentation (#1719)
akeneo/pim-docs: cloud_edition/flexibility_mode/docs/system_administration.rst

    **akeneo** is an unprivileged user, but you can use the aliases below to perform system operations.

============================ ============================================ ======
Alias                        Argument                                     Action
============================ ============================================ ======
``partners_mysql``           ``status|start|restart``                     Show status or start/restart mysql daemon
``partners_elasticsearch``   ``status|start|restart``                     Show status or start/restart elasticsearch daemon

> ``partners_php7.4-fpm``      ``status|start|restart``                     Show status or start/restart php-fpm daemon (Command name can vary depending on your version of PHP)

Author: ```suggestion
``partners_php8.0-fpm``      ``status|start|restart``                     Show status or start/restart php-fpm daemon (Command name can vary depending on your version of PHP)
```
